WHL: enable abi3 wheels on CPython 3.11 and newer (#5179)
yt-project/yt: doc/source/installing.rst

Building from source
++++++++++++++++++++

There are a couple ways to build yt from source with e.g., ``pip``, all of which
require a C compiler (such as ``gcc`` or ``clang``).

> yt is distributed on PyPI and conda-forge, in the form of pre-built binaries ("wheels").

Author: Reading that back, it looks like I'm implying conda-forge has wheels, which is incorrect.
```suggestion
yt is primarily distributed on PyPI, in the form of pre-built binaries (wheels).
```

Since version 4.5.0, these binaries are optimized for portability accross Python versions.

If you need a stable release, but pre-built binaries are not available for your platform,
``pip install`` will automatically select a source distribution and compile the package
for you. You may opt-into this behavior deliberately by specifying the ``--no-binary``
flag, in which case the resulting installation might be slightly more performant, because
it will be compiled specifically for your Python version.
If, on the other hand, you *specifically* want a portable binary (as the ones we provide on

> PyPI), this is achieved by setting ``YT_LIMITED_API=1`` in your shell environment.

Author: ```suggestion
PyPI), this is achieved by setting ``YT_LIMITED_API=1`` in your build environment.
```
